docs: fix README accuracy for Laravel 13 and Docker Compose (#1553)
lanedirt/OGameX: README.md

</div>

> OGameX is an open-source OGame redesign clone. This clone is built fully from scratch using the Laravel 13.x framework and uses modern PHP practices. All major functionality is covered by unit and feature tests which automatically run on every build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OGameX is an open-source OGame redesign clone. This clone is built fully from scratch using the latest Laravel framework version and uses modern PHP practices. All major functionality is covered by unit and feature tests which automatically run on every build.
``` 

Could just drop the version?
